it's up and coming the trends are
showing that everyone's googling this
item which means they're typically
searching it on amazon as well if it's
ecommerce related yes and if you create
the product and there's very little
competition yes you can make a ton of
money
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
if you don't know neil patel this is his
book right here you should know this guy
i'ma say this on all honesty i read
almost no business blogs almost no
articles
most of it's bs
um a lot of you have read neil's he's
you've got a couple different blogs yeah
he's got two
that i follow and we're gonna be talking
about if you don't know who neil is
eight figure entrepreneur
forbes named him top ten marketer in the
world
what did president obama name you
a top hundred entrepreneur under the age
of 30. under the age of 30 he has one of
the most innovative companies in the
world um
he does software tech
but a cool thing about neo what we're
going to talk about is he's got all
these like
quick hacks
um to get
number one
to get paying customers at the end of
the day the hardest thing yeah neil
is to get people actually pay you like
people are launching social media
marketing agency who work with me people
are you know launching their online
business drop shipping let's just jump
right into this what's the number one
when you speak around the world what's
the number one
quick hack somebody can follow
to getting a paying customer let's say
you let's say do you do ecommerce advice
i do ecommerce advice so what would you
say to somebody
that let's talk about instagram how do
you use instagram to get more customers
sure so most people on instagram
their initial gut reaction is go and
comment and engage and all the people
have millions of followers right because
if they're popular you can get traffic
from them but that's actually the
hardest way to get customers because
like you are unique in which you care so
much about social and your followers but
you're engaging with them all the time
but how many other people do you know
like dudes
very little
so the best thing to do is go follow
people in industries you want to be uh
get customers in yeah so go follow
entrepreneurs and people who have money
yeah and most of them have less than 10
000 followers most of them usually have
only like a few thousand followers when
you like and comment and get to know
them and leave thoughtful responses
they'll be like oh my god i got a
comment because they think they're cool
because that barely so go small
go small and go after the people who
have money because a lot of the
successful entrepreneurs have very
little followers yeah so you're saying
most people do because i've seen that
people will like go they'll isolate
they'll be like this person has 2
million if i can't just get them and
they dm even with me you know what i
just discovered so those of you who are
dming me on instagram instagram
literally doesn't deliver
all of my dms and the way i know is if i
look in the inbox
and then someone will be like i dm'd you
and i go and specifically type on their
instagram and click to dm them i'll see
a message that never showed in my inbox
so if you're dming or on twitter you can
dm snapping same thing snap only shows
me like three percent of my messages
i've talked to snap about it so if you
reach out to somebody who's getting too
many pouring in you're actually just
basically wasting time yeah so you're
saying there's good customers out there
potentially for your business or
networking that have like 5 000
followers
most of successful
tech and internet entrepreneurs have
very little followers why do you think
that is they don't care not that they
don't care that's not what they
specialize in right they're not good at
social media marketing like even pete
cashmore from mashable has barely any
followers on instagram yeah geico
you know geico billion dollar brand let
me check last time i checked they had
ten thousand eight thousand followers
yeah it's like so dude obviously you may
not want to uh
let's see what geico has i got it like
100 million a year on tv ads or
something
it's more no no no they spend
i think it was
hundreds or close to a billion they're
at
i'm gonna dm geico right now what should
i say to them
hey want to be on my codcast
i'll see if the what if i got the geico
gecko here that would be interesting i
actually met the geico ceo once he's
this older guy nice guy they have 8
460 followers so the point is don't make
it hard on yourself by going all i see
that with business networking people go
and they're like dude i want to go meet
elon musk
i'm like
that's it took me to meet elon musk it
took me
10 years of being in business basically
in networking and you're well known yeah
yeah and you go to the right places i
live in near where he you know
so but
so you think number one go small that's
the first one what's the second tip
somebody listening
they're launching online for the first
time they're building their brand what
let's talk about one of your businesses
what's the business that people know you
more for now
uh i have a agency that does internet
marketing yeah and that's growing quite
fast yeah but i've been doing it for 16
years yeah um so a quick tip if you want
to get more customers because when i
first started my first agency this is my
second one
i had no following and now it's super
easy because there's like crunch base
which shows like new companies that are
getting funded
and there's all these job sites which
are posting jobs so let's say you're
looking to be a social media marketer
and you want to work with companies
there's so many people that don't know
social media don't understand it because
most business owners are not young right
they're much older especially the ones
that are larger in size yeah
so if you go and you go to indeed and
you find all their job postings or
craigslist
you can be emailing back be like i know
you're looking for a social media
manager and you can make a video like
make a video job application and i know
you're trying to get them as a client
not as a you don't want to work from
full time you go make a video and be
like
hey so and so i know you're looking for
a full-time social media manager
and i would apply but you're doing it
all wrong so the thing is i know social
media really well and for you to get
everything that you're looking for you
need someone to create your content you
need someone to just manage your social
media profiles you need someone to do
video like you can break down i'm like
that's more than just one job and if you
hire someone full time you're not going
to get the results you're looking for
i've done well on social media look i'm
everywhere yeah look at my profiles you
know what i can help you solve all your
problems and best of all i can do it for
less than your job posting as a
contractor so you'll so you this is
literally what you do yeah you'll have
people your assistants or you'll do it
you'll go on indeed.com which is like a
kind of like monster.com right yes and i
do you do monster too no i do more
indeed but more than anything i do
craigslist because it's typically
like if you're just starting out right
because if you're just starting out
people who post on craigslist are
typically smaller businesses than the
ones that post on indeed they still have
money yeah a lot of them still make
millions of dollars but indeed is a lot
of large corporations yeah we'll just
ignore and be like no we want a
full-time employee huh so you're just
going to go in the seat searching for
jobs section of craigslist yeah and you
just look for people looking for
marketing contractors like social media
marketing even personal assistants you
can probably do the same thing because
if they own it now
you said you mentioned was it crunchbase
uh in the past yeah we have our crunch
so what were you using crunch base you
were going there to identify companies
yeah so with crunchbase what we were
doing is
anytime you're pitching services and i
know you have a course on social media
marketing that teaches people like how
to do it which is great
on crunchbase
all these businesses it's a list of
everyone who recently got funding so
crunchbase announces like people who
like i just raised 10 million dollars i
raised 30 million i even raised five you
don't need to go after people raise a
hundred million yes there's more
companies who've just raised one to five
million and you know what they have to
say they're like oh our investors need
us to burn the money to try to create
the next uber either create the next
uber or go bankrupt yes so if you hit
them up because they just recently got a
check what do they got to do spend it so
i emailed them the ceos
and the investors because it lists on
crunchbase which venture capital fund
right the people giving money yep and
the partner
who led the deal and their emails are
all public because they want more deal
flow so you
email them and the company will be like
hey guys you know i know you just
recently wrote a check to this company
here all the ways are messing up i think
this is an amazing company but unless
they fix this i don't see how they're
going to be huge and these investors
they wrote a big check that would be
like go hire this guy so they'll
literally so you're coming around the
back yeah the back side and you're
getting them to put pressure on the
people they just funded put money into
yes and you tell the investors like here
are all the changes i would make yeah
because investors aren't going to be
like oh i'm going to go do this without
you they're the guys writing a check
they don't want to do work yeah they'd
rather just go tell the other people
hire this guy he knows what he's doing
what services just as a side note what
what kind of services do you find for
your agency
that are the most efficient to offer
that help people the most that aren't
too
you know some things you can offer
people are hard to fulfill for people
they never are happy what do you find do
you have just a
list of things that you say this is
usually number one two three the easiest
money maker and actually the best
service to offer yeah is
uh paid ad management so okay
pay-per-click management whether it's
facebook ads instagram ads google
adwords because most people that are
buying and even spending half a million
a million dollars a month or even a
hundred grand a month they have no clue
what they're doing yes they're just
throwing money at it yeah because
they're like oh everyone else is on
facebook we gotta go spend money on
facebook ads so you'll basically come
into them and say what do you recommend
for somebody watching that's doing
facebook ads or thinking about doing
youtube
insta do you do a flat fee plus a
percentage of spend yes or do you do
okay so charge them at least a few grand
yep or
15 of spend you can go down to 10 of
spend and you can go all the way up to
20. yeah getting more than 20 is a bit
greedy yeah going lower than 10 is
usually not worth it yeah so even if
someone's doing like 100 grand you want
to take 10
and it's really easy for them to pay you
that and the reason being is a lot of
times like their copy sucks or their
social media ad image just sucks right
like on their facebook ads and just
making it a little bit better yeah gives
them more than a 10 lift and they're
like oh wow we're getting better results
and even though we're giving you 10 it's
still paying for itself yeah yeah you
can show them you can track
how much at first you were making yes
instantly too you can say look your old
ad was getting your cpa was
70 bucks and i dropped it to 50 bucks so
i saved you you know 30 40 percent
and now people and i'm only charging you
10. yeah that's the easiest way to make
six figures a month just think about it
facebook's worth 500 and some change
billion right google's worth 700 and
something billion
facebook makes almost all their money
from ads yeah same with google forget
android and all that it's still almost
all it's like eighty-five percent or
nine yeah it's something ridiculous yeah
so
you just have to take a slice of that
yeah
yeah that's such a big pie you don't
even need a tenth of a percent so for
somebody who's watching
who
doesn't know let's just let's move on to
the
i think we're on number three
what's a hack for somebody who
sees the value in offering facebook
um ad management google ad management
but doesn't know how to do it
you can go to
google adwords they have a certification
program yep and they teach you how to do
adwords so google for free yeah for free
because they want you to spend more
money yeah because if you're doing a
better job in getting a better roi what
are you going to do you're going to
spend more money so tip number three is
go and i've had my staff do that i'm
like go
go through this it's free ben did you
ever get certified
oh alex i see one of my staff i told
them my brother didn't do it yet but
alexander good
alexandria i you know i learned google
adwords back when it started i got it
there was no tutor users just sitting
there spending money it was easier then
what about for facebook learning
facebook so facebook support center
teaches you more about ads than
a lot of the stuff you read online and
it's such an amazing place or you just
go to youtube and you just type in like
how to do facebook ads and like go look
for the most popular videos yeah right
and the best likes and ratios and you
just go follow their advice step by step
yeah
so it's not though the point is
you can learn it much faster you're not
going to beat go from monday and on
tuesday be the world's best expert but
you'll be good enough within one day it
doesn't it's actually not that hard
you'll be better put it this way you
only have to be a little bit better than
the companies that are paying you right
it's kind of like being a personal
trainer you don't have to be the rock or
arnold schwarzenegger to be a personal
trainer you just have to be in better
shape than most people yes the rock
might not hire you if you're not ripped
and massive but remember
in the modern world and personal
training a lot of people are 100 pounds
overweight if you're a dc if you have a
four pack you're good to teach them so
in the same way a lot of these companies
they're like 200 pound overweight when
it comes to google adwords spending and
facebook even the big guys i used to
manage general motors as a marketing
spend okay just digital for their
finance division they have mortgages
campaign world insurance and all this
other stuff right
five million a month okay
three million of it produced sales two
million of it didn't even produce a
dollar in income so it's like okay
you see that this isn't produced stop
spending money on this 2 million i know
that sounds stupid but that's a large
corporation making that mistake yeah and
this isn't uncommon 24 million dollars a
year they're just
throwing out so you could tell them do
this just give it to me is that what you
told them
well i started managing and funny enough
i got fired when i cut the 2 million
really yeah because the guy who's in
charge he was like dude i'm not going to
get the budget for next quarter and i'm
like but you're not making any money you
actually did such a good job they
rewarded you by firing that is very nice
hey tap the youtube thing um okay so
next question or we're on number four
um
what for somebody here let's switch
gears a little bit let's do a hack
for somebody who wants to sell more
product online maybe they have an amazon
store maybe they have a shopify store a
click funnel store like what do you find
and they don't have a ton of money
how would you get started selling
something if you were selling t-shirts
if you were selling we were talking
about services but now physical product
let's just take t-shirts or kitchen
items or something like that so one
there's a ton of companies that do drop
shipping yes and there's a huge model
for e-commerce right now of all the drop
shippers right yes and it's because no
one wants to create or hold inventory
it's a huge cost center
so what i would do is i would first go
to google trends and find what's up and
coming okay
so you just literally it's a free part
of google type in google trends and you
can start clicking around there's a
whole bunch you can do it by country you
can go by youtube you can there's a lot
i love google trends you can me and zach
used to have a little segment on our
show called what did we just call it
google trends i think so
okay so you go there then what
you look for what's up and coming yep
you go find products that you see like
they show you a chart is it like going
up is it going down and then you go to
like places like amazon and you type in
the product yep if you don't see a ton
of options go and create it okay and
then just have someone drop shipping how
would you get customers so let's say
somebody's got you got the drop shipping
set up you have amazon set up you have
you know shopify or click funnels setup
what do you do then because you can have
a website and make zero dollars you
don't have to get customers okay if it's
up and coming the trends are showing
that everyone's googling this item which
means they're typically searching it on
amazon as well if it's ecommerce related
yes and if you create the product and
there's very little competition yes you
can make a ton of money so give you
example okay i was at a mastermind in
dubai that i was speaking at and i met a
guy who started e-commerce in november
of 2016. okay and we're still in about a
year ago yeah a year ago he went from
zero to 48 million dollars in one year
wow all he did google trends find the
latest product find a drop shipper
put it on amazon he's not the genre was
it in oh like widget spinners and every
little thing like that he did any
product he's done like kitchen
appliances this guy's been what's
happening me young guys yeah young guy
yeah i just bought a lamborghini he
wears like studded shoes and stuff
and like he's like i'm not the best
amazon seller yeah he's just like i'm
just finding what's trending and not
much competition he's like you put it up
yeah so is he doing a ton of paid spend
no no paid spending really so he got
something that's hot he ranked high in
amazon well there's not a ton of
competitors right so when people type it
in you're one of the few options and
google trends shows you what's up and
coming yes without a ton of competition
fidget spinners zero to 48 million
dollars by catching a trend let's talk
on multiple trends because he's just
like yeah you just go to google trends
and you see what's up and coming and you
just pop the on because there's no
competitors you don't need to know
marketing you don't have to be the best
now you're not gonna
make crazy margins but he was operating
at like 15 20 margins yeah who gives a
chef 48 million bucks yeah that's even
10 margins you're making 4.8 million
dollars a year yeah 400 000 net that's
not bad yeah for so i think the guy's
under 25
something like that or under he's young
i think he's 30 or yeah somewhere around
there so
let's switch gears real quick because
i've been talking about this
this is a bonus here
you make a ton of money
and
we always joke me and maya that you
never spend any of your money
so
um
but you invest it yes let's talk about
investing what are three things let's
just cover three things
people need to know you've literally
invested you never brag about your
numbers but you've got eight figure
business
um that's probably conservative and you
got a ton of cash
what do you like what are three things
people with money or even a decent
amount of money or even a small amount
of money need to know
about trends in investing right now
so with investing you see things that
are up and coming like bitcoin and
ethereum if you're going to invest think
of long-term strategies things go up
like crazy and they go down like crazy
when bitcoin goes up 20 in a day that
means those like bitcoin can also go
down really fast we've seen it as well
yeah so
i'm not saying you shouldn't invest in
cryptocurrencies because i do believe
it's the future but don't look at it oh
today went up ah went down look at it as
i'm gonna put money in and i'm not gonna
check what it's at until five years from
now yeah that's how you make like 10 20
x on these cryptocurrencies right
because when you start day trading and
be like oh when i'm just gonna cash out
and make quick bucks or when it goes
down like oh my god i lost like 10 grand
i gotta liquidate and like you become
too emotional yeah so think long
it's classic that's the same with the
stock market that's the same with real
estate one of the best things that can
happen is kind of like what happened to
zach's uncle where he forgot his
um
password
and can't get into 500 000 worth of
bitcoin the best thing that could happen
to your uncle zach would be if it took
20 years for him to
finally find the password on an old
piece of paper in a shoe box when he's
moving yeah and a lot no probably not in
the laundry and he pulls it out and he's
like what's this this is my password you
know my secret password for my um you
know wallet and then he goes in there
what do you think bitcoin could
potentially be in 20 years might be at
you know 200 000 or something like that
and he has
10 bitcoin be multi-millionaires
well i wouldn't buy facebook or
he gives it to you and you inherit it
now zach's going to be trying to knock
this guy off he takes his uncle don't
you love hang gliding
so all right so that's
tip number one
invest in things with solid potential
and then just stop checking them every
because you don't check your house value
everything no yeah i don't understand
why everyone's like oh my god book
clim's up like 2 000 points and i'm like
cool don't worry about it it's like are
you gonna sell it no then what
difference does it make to your life
yeah right goes down i'm like are you
gonna sell it no what difference does it
make to your life and you actually want
it to go down i wish bitcoin would go
down to one dollar again yeah it was
that one dollar then you bought because
if it goes down to one dollar people say
it's a bubble if it's a bubble
it goes down to one dollar
trust me it's gonna shoot back up to ten
thousand so you should buy boy if
bitcoin ever went to a dollar i would go
all in now it's not going to go to one
dollar probably um don't sell everything
i have you sell
so the point is if you are a good
investor and you have your head screwed
on straight you can understand that you
there's nothing wrong with the cycles of
capitalism you want real estate to go
down because as long as you don't sell
your house when it's down you don't lose
a penny
right
then you can buy your neighbor's house
you can buy everybody's house that's
having a heart attack
okay what's technique number hack number
two for investing your money your
profits from your business because i've
got now a lot of people are starting to
make money from all these different
programs i have and
like they're doing some dumb stuff with
their money so that's why i literally
built an investment court by the way i
launched this bitcoin uh crypto academy
i'm gonna put a we'll put a link it's
tai lopez.com do we have a special link
for this one podcast
yeah tailops.com bitcoin it's pretty
cool it went great dude we crashed my
site yesterday from this i literally it
took like one hour to get the site out i
was i was kind of pissed it's a little
bit like things crashing should you be
happy or should you yeah
i'll be upset because i'm like lost
revenue potential but i'm happy that i'm
like oh my gosh
yeah i saw kylie jenner once crash
google analytics live have you ever seen
that no
she had like she has like 250 000 people
hit her checkout page in one minute do
you know how rich you will be she made
430 million dollars on makeup in the
last 18 months seriously 4 30 she owns
the whole thing herself her and her mom
good for her
she's grown faster than l'oreal
maybelline that's the power of social
media that is so number two what's your
number two hack or piece of advice for
people as you make money to do with your
money if you don't know about
investing yeah your best bet is real
estate okay it's where dumb people get
rich
it really is
you don't have to do some real estate
because you're not dumb i still do it
because it's like and i'm not the
smartest either but here's the thing
that i learned you're never going to
sell more than market value
but you can sometimes buy cheaper right
yes you make money when you get the
deals
but even if you don't get deals like
right now we're here in beverly hills or
is this belair this is beverly hills
yeah beverly hills
okay you buy land or a home in beverly
hills even if it's a piece of place
it doesn't even matter if you buy at the
peak of the market ten years from now
you're making money years from now
you're making a killing 30 years you're
crushing it not like it's gone up double
i'm talking about it'll probably go up
five six seven x over thirty years or
whatever it is there's no more land in
these areas and everywhere anyone around
the world who's successful is like i
want to go to la beverly hills like it's
well known so you pick a spot that's
well known and you buy a land there
you'll do well or you buy a home or any
area that's around those surrounding
areas because there's no more room in
beverly hills and is too expensive you
go to hollywood or you go to bel air i
don't even know bella's probably
expensive as well yeah bella is similar
to here beverly hills so you just go
around to the outskirts because they all
get gentrified and cleaned up over time
and they skyrocket like right now in la
the olympics they're spending so much
money to change la for the olympics and
investing money yeah that means it's all
going to get cleaned up and even better
and better which means real estate
prices should go up over time yeah and
believe it or not i mean people always
think you're priced out of the market
with real estate
here's the thing this is i like talking
about this because we're talking about
bitcoin how you can make money if it
goes up and down real estate as it goes
up and down so people go well i can't
afford to get into a place like beverly
hills but
if you have a little bit of power as a
persuasion there's more potential
investors who will back you in beverly
hills so there's pros and cons to
everything one of my favorite sayings is
there's no
solutions only trade-offs so but some
people go okay i don't want to buy
beverly hills is too expensive and i'm a
new real estate investor so i'm going to
go buy in timbuktu omaha nebraska well
the downside of that is
think about if you find a decent piece
of land or a house
in beverly hills
and you pitch 20 investors are those
investors likely to write you a check
for a name brand location yes yeah
so don't necessarily be intimidated just
because yeah and if you pitch an
investor and even if they say no they're
not saying no they're just saying not
right now yeah right eventually you can
persuade them to say yes have you raised
investment money or helped
nope or just in general i raced for my
own companies yeah one i raised 16 17 or
20 million or something like that that
was a long time ago uh and then other
than that i'm never
really raised for any other business so
for somebody listening
that feels they need to raise some money
what would you tell them what's the
techniques that you use this will be
maybe the third hack for investing but
this is actually raising investment
capital what do people need to know sure
pitching investors is not that effective
okay networking and getting to know them
and helping them out with whatever
problem like investor like has some
other companies that he's invested in
aren't involved like
look i don't know real estate but like
you know what i'm going to go there and
i'm going to help them out and i'm going
to help make your life a bit easier or
you don't know social media marketing
with your restaurant it's okay i'm going
to help you and i'm just going to do it
for free getting to know these investors
and helping them out and building that
relationship is the easiest way to get
money investors typically
when it's early stage like when there
are new people in smaller amounts like
small amounts being hundred thousand
million whatever it may be they
typically prefer writing the check to
someone they know yeah
so going out getting out of your house
meeting people
making friends with people
genuinely scratching their back before
you ask them to scratch your because
most people don't do that most people's
approach is give me give me give me ty
neil i got the world's best new uber app
it's going to make 600 trillion dollars
get in now that's like most people yeah
and it doesn't work i remember the first
time i tried raising money i talked to
my buddy andy so andy's first company
sold to
aquana which then got bought out by
microsoft right for i think a quantum
sold for eight billion or six or
something like that
so this guy had a ton of money yeah his
didn't sell for anywhere near there but
he was rich and then his
last company just sold to vizio the tv
company
and then now he has his own venture fund
but even back then
i asked him i'm like look i want to
raise my i was helping him with his
startup and just giving him free advice
and then when i wanted to raise money
i'm like hey you know i tried meeting
with investors no one gave me a check
like
can you help me and he's just like yeah
you helped me he's like how much are you
looking to raise i'm like i don't know
like half a million to a million he's
like how about i offer you a term sheet
for six hundred thousand dollars wow
that's it no pitch day you were friends
before yes and had you helped him out
before yeah what did you do for him i
just gave him some marketing advice i'd
even do the marketing i just gave him
some marketing advice like in a meeting
yeah and kept up and whenever he had an
email with questions i would just answer
them yeah that's it like nothing crazy
and he's like thanks for helping me out
you're a smart guy he's like
i'll bet on you right he's just he's
like considering he's gonna make his
money back
i didn't take his money oh you ended up
not taking it no so i took that sheet
and then i took it to investors that i
didn't know and i got a better deal
oh so that's cool you get one guy to
pitch and then you go around and say
look this big investor will give me 600
grand
for this amount and then i took a
million
really at the same deal so same equity
but for more money
that's pretty sneaky but in a good way
sneaky so let's switch gears for one
second
you've given a lot of good techniques
something we gave seven things
you know from getting paying customers
making money with drop shipping
investing bitcoin
if
i read this article i think you'd like
it it basically was this venture capital
guy and he said he stopped investing as
a as an angel investor and the article
says the reason he stopped is he goes
there's so many good ideas out there
that will work that will be big yeah
there's so many
people willing to fund it but he said
there's not
enough good qualified solid people to do
it anymore partly because the school
system hasn't trained people we've grown
up been taught to be robots partly
because
i don't know maybe people don't
life so easy nowadays you don't develop
the character from going through like my
grandma went through the depression in
germany for ten she grew up eating like
carrots soup
breakfast lunch and dinner so you
develop like this certain like strength
of for you know fortitude of will
that's true survival yeah like survival
what what are you for somebody watching
right now and listening right now like
what do people i call it the it factor
when someone comes to me
i can pretty much tell i've bet against
and four people and nobody i've ever
been against
now i usually don't tell them because i
don't want to be rude but just to my
i've never seen but somebody i bet
against actually do well
and the people that i bet on some of
them haven't gone but but a fair amount
of them have gone on to do big things
what do you look for like what is that
that someone can start building within
themselves that it factor i look for
someone who's really good at one thing
okay so like focus yes because
you're either going to be like you are
amazing marketer building communities
building that tribe
educating like rallying people up and
you can get people to do a lot of things
right like you can command audience gary
vaynerchuk is another person who's
amazing at that right
some people are amazing at engineering
and coding and solving problems some
people are beautiful designers like
apple hires amazing product designers
right you find someone who's excellent
at one thing yeah right think of like
the malcolm gladwell 10 000 hours yes
find someone who's amazing at one thing
and is putting their skill
to work because the chances are they're
going to be better at that than most
people yes so there's a good chance that
they'll succeed compared to so for you
the it factor would be like
hyper focus
and mastery yes like if you look at
brian lee
from shoedazzle yeah he did uh or honest
company he did shoe dazzle before that
yeah the legal zoom before that
and everyone's like what's his model is
he a lawyer is he entrepreneur i'm like
to me his model is
finding
demand like people want to buy products
and finding a celebrity to go with that
yeah so that's like his one skill that
he can do better than most people robert
shapiro was legal zoom kim kardashian
was shoe dazzle and then jessica
was
honest he always finds uh like a
celebrity figure to go promote you were
just talking about was it kylie jenner
yeah kylie yeah right yeah millions of
dollars in makeup yeah she's the
influencer yes go find that influencer
or like that's what he does and then
create a business around it yeah yeah
actually
kylie some guys some canadians came to
her i don't think she's working with
anymore but they got her off the ground
they match her up so for somebody
listening
don't be afraid like confucius said the
man
who chases two rabbits catches none yes
a lot of people in this world and i tell
people
you want to do a lot of experiments
to find kind of like the dubai guy
you're talking about he's looking on
google trends testing different things
to drop ship he finds the one fidget
spinner or whatever and makes 48 million
bucks but
it's okay to experiment a lot but you
still at the core basic
root of you
you have to be able to tell people real
fast what you're good at yeah what would
you say so if i if some if you were
interviewing yourself
like one of these groundhog day thing
what do you say your one core focus
power superpower we'll call it what's
your superpower i'm amazing at driving
traffic to any type of website doesn't
matter if it's an e-commerce or a b2b
i'm better at that than almost everyone
so you so basically with that one skill
you can go and make eight-figure
businesses
yeah no problem yeah so let me do a
quick we're live here let's see what is
your
superpower
and let's i want to do some
live i like being live and i'm going to
get neil to give his opinion of just a
business idea for you so those are you
not sure what you want to do
just comment with some superpowers that
you have it could be public speaking it
can be your you know your great network
or it could be your great at excel it
could be specific you're good at google
adwords read a couple of these off sam
when you see somebody google and
facebook facebook marketing
so what would you say there that's an
easy one yeah that's the easy one so
let's say you're great at google and
facebook marketing
i would end up telling them like all
right go find a company who's on google
doing paid ads yeah and facebook doing
paid ads yep right because that means
they're usually not in the middle or
leveraging the free traffic like you're
you do really well
and you end up going and finding the ceo
of that business yeah their emails all
online you just google for it right
and you say let's say their name is john
hey john i know you're really busy
you're spending a ton of money on google
and facebook ads because your team
doesn't know how to get the traffic or
traction organically i can solve that
for you if you can please forward this
over to the person in charge of
marketing so that way i don't waste any
more of your time
cheers kneel now they don't always hoard
it but i found that like 20 30 percent
of the time they forward it because in
their mind they're like yeah i'm wasting
a lot of money i don't know if this
guy's good but let me afford it so just
three if you email every 10 people you
should get two or three of those emails
now the marketing person contact you
usually yes and if the ceo of the
company says contact this person
forwards it right not only they're going
to contact you back you have a high
chance of closing them as a client
because they're like oh the ceo told me
to talk to him yeah he you never said in
the email hey john we don't know each
other or anything like that the seat the
marketing person usually assumes that
you know the ceo and they never ask you
if you do you're not lying they're just
assuming and they usually hire you
because they're like oh the ceo the ceo
wants that's a good one let's do one
more
oh someone had self-publishing in there
so they know how to put their writers
they know how to write what would you do
if you were good at writing a quick book
or an e-book or something to put on
kindle on amazon yeah sure so a lot of
days everyone's like oh i'm really good
at self-publishing i want to go and put
my book on kindle i want to go put it on
create a print version of the book and
get it out there in book source but
anyone who's in the publishing world
knows that books don't make that much
money yes ebooks make way more money you
can charge way more money for the same
thing in a digital format yeah with less
cost
i would go to uh
all those sites like
i'm blanking on the name like where you
can actually sell courses yeah yeah like
you can do you do to me there you go
there's tons of them yep and they
already have so much traffic yeah
they'll look for the most popular search
terms like you can use google trends to
see what's popular and then you go
compare that to how many courses they
have in that space yes and then just go
and start creating courses you'll
quickly make money like a buddy of mine
andrew dumont
doesn't know about ebooks or any of
that he's like dude i just popped it up
i'm not big compared to the people on
there but he's like i'm making like two
three grand a month four grand a month
just selling some ebook and he's like
create it at once and just keep selling
so automated income so for all of you
listening as we wrap up remember get a
superpower
and then build around the superpower
don't forget the one of my favorite
cliches
kiss k-i-s-s keep it simple stupid if
one thing i like about neil is he's like
very down to earth by the way i want to
take a second he's a new york times
bestselling author
and uh you got some good testimonials on
the back of this book daniel pink the
famous evolutionary psychologist dan
heath he's the guy wrote made made to uh
made the stick who else you got
and got tucker max
oh yeah this raj i'm not even going to
try to pronounce his last name from the
university of austin that's where dr
david buss is from so go check out
hustle
and by the way
how do you pronounce that guy's name i'm
not even gonna try patrick velasquez
okay yeah
we'll just stick with neil patel
neal's here check out hustle without a
doubt you know one of my one of my
favorite sayings is everything comes to
him who hustles while they wait like
when you brush your teeth
read a little magazine real little book
have some cue cards memorizing things
like
hustle is not you know i think that
hustle is a term
that's sometimes overused and used
incorrectly like i think sometimes
people to me hustle is like
banging your head against a concrete
wall and it's not working so you hustle
and bang it against concrete wall even
harder but that's not the essence of
hustle to me is you still have to work
smart if the wall ain't gonna break
don't try to bang your head and hustle
harder hustle then is going and finding
a shovel and dig under it or a ladder so
it's more like hustles to me is more
like ingenuity yes and energy combined
so it's all about hacking life yeah
what's your favorite hack that you have
in here
so
one thing that i tell a lot of people
yeah you're but when you're born and
you're a little kid you're just like oh
i want to be an astronaut or i want to
be a doctor and most people can't figure
out what they're passionate about in
life and they think that you're supposed
to be born and you know what you want to
end up doing
what we tell people is go do a lot of
little experiments just go try something
for an hour not even a whole day yes and
go try like five things that you think
you may like
and through that little hack you'll
eventually learn what you don't like and
that'll help you get to the path of what
you do like in life and what you're
passionate about which then gets into
most people are like oh what am i
amazing at usually what you're good at
naturally yeah is what you tend to love
and you're passionate and you tend to
eventually become like an expert at yeah